now this is the blessing with which
Moses the man of God blessed the
children of Israel before his death the
Lord came from Sinai and dawned on them
from ceará he shone forth from mount
Paran and he came with ten thousands of
saints from his right hand came a fiery
law for them yes he loves the people all
his Saints are in your hand they sit
down at your feet
everyone receives your words Moses
commanded a law for us a heritage of the
congregation of Jacob and he was king in
Jeshurun when the leaders of the people
were gathered all the tribes of Israel
together
[Music]
let Ruben live and not die nor let his
men be filled and this he said of Judah
here Lord the voice of Judah and bring
him to his people let his hands be
sufficient for him and may you be a help
against his enemies and of Levi he said
let your thumb in and your urine be with
your holy one whom you tested at Massa
and with whom you contended at the
waters of Meribah who says of his father
and mother I have not seen them nor did
he acknowledge his brothers or know his
own children for they have observed your
word and kept your covenant they shall
teach Jacob your judgments and Israel
your law they shall put incense before
you and a whole burnt sacrifice on your
altar
bless his substance Lord and accept the
work of his hands
strike the loins of those who rise
against him and of those who hate him
that they rise not again of Benjamin he
said the beloved of the Lord shall dwell
in safety by him who shelters him all
the day long and he shall dwell between
his shoulders and of Joseph he said
blessed of the Lord is his land with the
precious things of heaven with the dew
and the deep lying beneath with the
precious fruits of the Sun with the
precious produce of the months
with the best things of the ancient
mountains with the precious things of
the everlasting hills with the precious
things of the earth and its fullness and
the favour of him who dwelt in the bush
let the blessing come on the head of
Joseph and on the crown of the head of
him who was separate from his brothers
his glory is like a firstborn bull and
his horns like the horns of the wild ox
together with them he shall push the
peoples to the ends of the earth they
are the ten thousands of Ephraim and
they are the thousands of Manasseh and
of Rebbe uhland he said rejoice
Zebulon in your going out and it's a car
in your tents they shall call the
people's to the mountain there they
shall offer sacrifices of righteousness
for they shall be a of the abundance of
the Seas and of treasures hidden in the
sand and of God he said
blessed is he who enlarges God he dwells
as a lion and tears the arm and the
crown of his head he provided the first
part for himself because a lawgivers
portion was reserved there he came with
the heads of the people he administered
the justice of the Lord and his
judgments with Israel and of death he
said Dan is a lion's whelp he shall leap
from bation
[Music]
and of NAFTA lie he said Oh NAFTA lie
satisfied with favor and full of the
blessing of the Lord possessed the west
and the south and of a sure he said a
sure is most blessed of sons let him be
favored by his brothers and let him dip
his foot in oil your sandals shall be
iron and bronze as your days so shall
your strength be there is no one like
the god of just shirin who rides the
heavens to help you and in his
excellency on the clouds the eternal God
is your refuge and underneath are the
everlasting arms
he will thrust out the enemy from before
you and will say destroy then Israel
shall dwell in safety the fountain of
Jacob alone in a land of grain and new
wine his heaven shall also drop you
[Music]
happy are you Oh Israel who is like you
a people saved by the Lord the shield of
your help and the sword of your majesty
your enemies shall submit to you and you
shall tread down their high places